english/net/_index.md, before:

---
title: Aspose.ZIP for .NET
type: docs
weight: 10
url: /net/
keywords: "Aspose.ZIP for .NET, Aspose ZIP, Aspose API Reference."
description: Aspose.ZIP for .NET is a flexible and easy to use .NET API that lets you work with files compression in a standard ZIP format.
is_root: true
---
## Namespaces

| Namespace | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [Aspose.Zip](./aspose.zip/) | The Zip namespace contains classes which represent zip archive and common archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.ArchiveInfo](./aspose.zip.archiveinfo/) | The ArchiveInfo namespace contains classes which represent archive info related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Bzip2](./aspose.zip.bzip2/) | The Bzip2 namespace contains classes which represent bzip2 archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Cab](./aspose.zip.cab/) | The Cab namespace contains classes which represent Cab archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Cpio](./aspose.zip.cpio/) | The Cpio namespace contains classes which represent cpio archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Crypto](./aspose.zip.crypto/) | The Crypto namespace contains classes for external encryption routines. |
| [Aspose.Zip.FastLZ](./aspose.zip.fastlz/) | The FastLZ namespace contains classes which represent FastLZ related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Gzip](./aspose.zip.gzip/) | The Gzip namespace contains classes which represent gzip archive. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Iso](./aspose.zip.iso/) | The Iso namespace contains classes which represent iso related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Lzip](./aspose.zip.lzip/) | The Lzip namespace contains classes which represent lzip archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.LZMA](./aspose.zip.lzma/) | The LZMA namespace contains classes which represent lzma archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Rar](./aspose.zip.rar/) | The Rar namespace contains classes which represent RAR archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Saving](./aspose.zip.saving/) | The Saving namespace contains classes which are needed for operations entailing saving the archive. |
| [Aspose.Zip.SevenZip](./aspose.zip.sevenzip/) | The SevenZip namespace contains classes which represent 7z archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Shar](./aspose.zip.shar/) | The Shar namespace contains classes which represent shar archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Snappy](./aspose.zip.snappy/) | The Snappy namespace contains classes for Snappy compressed data manipulation. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Tar](./aspose.zip.tar/) | The Tar namespace contains classes which represent tar archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Wim](./aspose.zip.wim/) | The Wim namespace contains classes which represent WIM archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Xar](./aspose.zip.xar/) | The Xar namespace contains classes which represent Xar archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Xz](./aspose.zip.xz/) | The Xz namespace contains classes which represent xz archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Xz.Settings](./aspose.zip.xz.settings/) | The Settings namespace contains classes which represent xz archive settings. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Z](./aspose.zip.z/) | The Z namespace contains classes which represent Z archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Zstandard](./aspose.zip.zstandard/) | The Zstandard namespace contains classes for Zstandard compressed data manipulation. |

Commit message:

Updated reference for Aspose.ZIP for .NET 24.8.

english/net/_index.md, after:

---
title: Aspose.ZIP for .NET
type: docs
weight: 10
url: /net/
keywords: "Aspose.ZIP for .NET, Aspose ZIP, Aspose API Reference."
description: Aspose.ZIP for .NET is a flexible and easy to use .NET API that lets you work with files compression in a standard ZIP format.
is_root: true
---
## Namespaces

| Namespace | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [Aspose.Zip](./aspose.zip/) | The Zip namespace contains classes which represent zip archive and common archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.ArchiveInfo](./aspose.zip.archiveinfo/) | The ArchiveInfo namespace contains classes which represent archive info related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Bzip2](./aspose.zip.bzip2/) | The Bzip2 namespace contains classes which represent bzip2 archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Cab](./aspose.zip.cab/) | The Cab namespace contains classes which represent Cab archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Cpio](./aspose.zip.cpio/) | The Cpio namespace contains classes which represent cpio archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Crypto](./aspose.zip.crypto/) | The Crypto namespace contains classes for external encryption routines. |
| [Aspose.Zip.FastLZ](./aspose.zip.fastlz/) | The FastLZ namespace contains classes which represent FastLZ related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Gzip](./aspose.zip.gzip/) | The Gzip namespace contains classes which represent gzip archive. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Iso](./aspose.zip.iso/) | The Iso namespace contains classes which represent iso related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Lzip](./aspose.zip.lzip/) | The Lzip namespace contains classes which represent lzip archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.LZMA](./aspose.zip.lzma/) | The LZMA namespace contains classes which represent lzma archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Rar](./aspose.zip.rar/) | The Rar namespace contains classes which represent RAR archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Saving](./aspose.zip.saving/) | The Saving namespace contains classes which are needed for operations entailing saving the archive. |
| [Aspose.Zip.SevenZip](./aspose.zip.sevenzip/) | The SevenZip namespace contains classes which represent 7z archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Shar](./aspose.zip.shar/) | The Shar namespace contains classes which represent shar archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Snappy](./aspose.zip.snappy/) | The Snappy namespace contains classes for Snappy compressed data manipulation. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Tar](./aspose.zip.tar/) | The Tar namespace contains classes which represent tar archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Uue](./aspose.zip.uue/) | The Uue namespace contains classes which represent uuencode related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Wim](./aspose.zip.wim/) | The Wim namespace contains classes which represent WIM archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Xar](./aspose.zip.xar/) | The Xar namespace contains classes which represent Xar archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Xz](./aspose.zip.xz/) | The Xz namespace contains classes which represent xz archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Xz.Settings](./aspose.zip.xz.settings/) | The Settings namespace contains classes which represent xz archive settings. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Z](./aspose.zip.z/) | The Z namespace contains classes which represent Z archive related entities. |
| [Aspose.Zip.Zstandard](./aspose.zip.zstandard/) | The Zstandard namespace contains classes for Zstandard compressed data manipulation. |
